quotas: refactor storage limit specification (#24785)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/upgrade/upgrade-specific.mdx

their upgrades as a result of new features or changed behavior. This page is
used to document those details separately from the standard upgrade flow.

## Nomad 1.10.0

#### Quota specification variable_limits deprecated

In Nomad 1.10.0, the quota specification's `variable_limits` field is
deprecated. It is replaced by a new `storage` block with a `variables` field,
under the `region_limit` block. Existing quotas will be automatically migrated
during server upgrade. The `variables_limit` field will be removed from the
quota specification in Nomad 1.12.0.

#### Go SDK API change for quota limits

In Nomad 1.10.0, the Go API for quotas has a breaking change. The
`QuotaSpec.RegionLimit` field is now of type `QuotaResources` instead of

> `Resources`. The `QuotaSpec.VariablesLimit` field is deprecated in lieu of
> `QuotaSpec.RegionLimit.Storage.Variables` and will be removed in Nomad 1.12.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Resources`. The `QuotaSpec.VariablesLimit` field is deprecated and will be
removed in Nomad 1.12.0. Use `QuotaSpec.RegionLimit.Storage.Variables` instead.
```
